---
layout: post
title:  "Justice"
date:   2024-07-20 06:32:45 +0100
categories: personal
---

I normally would not blog about my personal life but I believe it is important for me to share what's happened to me.
<br>

I moderate several subreddits on Reddit, nothing huge. If you'd like to know specifically, I mod:
- r/askaustin
- r/venmo
<br>
<br>

I banned someone the other day from r/venmo, to be super honest I thought he was a bot; his profile was nothing but spam links. I didn't think too much about it, I ban bots all the time. But he wasn't a bot, he was a very mentally unwell young man from Georgia. 

For the next several days he proceeded to send me messages about killing me, raping me, killing my husband, etc. I guess you could wonder, why? What was he so upset about? The ban. I am not joking. My only message to him was clarifying why he was banned, which just set him off the deep end for some reason. I reported his harassment to Reddit, who did take action on my behalf, and I did block him. This did no dissuade him, somehow he discovered my facebook profile. I woke up to many facebook messages from his **PERSONAL** Facebook account.

I had surgery yesterday so I have been busy with that for the last week. But I had some time to kill so I did a little research - I discovered what he did was illegal. Like super illegal. I spent time figuring out who to report this to, how to report it, all that good stuff. I filed my report with the FBI Cybercrimes and didn't think about it, thinking it would not go anywhere. But **THAT NIGHT** a local deputy called me until I answered to go over the case. I cooperated, sent in evidence via a link they texted me. The FBI took my report seriously, and I am lucky I am someone who has the knowledge and tools to find information online because I supplied them with everything on this dude. He will be found.

At no point did I feel this wasn't being taken seriously. I am so proud of my local law enforcement today :) 

They did tell me I got such a quick and enthusiastic response because I reported it the correct way so here is how to report someone if they threaten your life online! 
- [Internet Crime Complaint Center](https://www.ic3.gov/) (IC3)
- Click "File a Complaint"
- Click "File a Complaint" again at the bottom of the page
- Click "I accept"
- Begin filling out the Complaint

Don't worry if there is nowhere to upload evidence, keep it handy Local PD will collect it from you later on. 

I truly hope this helps someone. 

I will update when I can, when this is over with all the details, I promise. 

Thanks for reading :) 

~ Juliya

